Machine learning guide 10.13 (#296)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/machine-learning/web-app-mlw-bundle/projects.md

* [Creating a new project](#creating-a-new-project)
* [Adding resources to the project - drag and drop, upload single or multiple files](#uploading-resources)
* [Committing a project - version management](#commiting-a-project-version)
* [Switching between project versions](#switch-project-version)

> * [Download a project as a compressed file](#download-a-project)

Reviewer: @MWindel Still 3 more headings to be unified here and in the heading itself ( consistent use of ing form or infinitive everywhere)

* [Creating a new project](#creating-a-new-project)
* [Adding resources to the project - drag and drop, upload single or multiple files](#uploading-resources)
* [Committing a project - version management](#commiting-a-project-version)

> * [Switch between project versions](#switch-project-version)

Reviewer: Unify grammar (use -ing from everywhere)

Author: Changes incorporated.

The project card will show the different versions available for that project.

![Upload Resources](/images/zementis/mlw-app-project-version.png)

> ### Switch between project versions

Reviewer: See above, unify grammar

> To switch to a different version of the project, click on the **Projects** in the navigator and select the version which you want to switch. The version switch message will show up in the respective project tile.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To switch to a different version of the project, click **Projects** in the navigator and select the version you want to switch to. The version switch message will show up in the respective project tile.
```

![Version Change](/images/zementis/mlw-app-project-version-change.png)

> Click **Tasks** in the navigator and click the respective task name, which in this case will be the project name, to display the status of the commit process in the **Task History** section at the center.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click **Tasks** in the navigator and click the respective task name, which in this case is the project name, to display the status of the commit process in the **Task History** section at the center.
```

> ### Download a project

Reviewer: Unify grammar

Author: Changes incorporated.

> To download a project of a particular version, click the icon <img src="/images/zementis/mlw-hamburger-icon.png" alt="Hamburger" style="display:inline-block; margin:0"> and click on **Download**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To download a project of a particular version, click the icon <img src="/images/zementis/mlw-hamburger-icon.png" alt="Hamburger" style="display:inline-block; margin:0"> and click **Download**.
```

![Project download](/images/zementis/mlw-app-project-download.png)

> Click **Tasks** in the navigator and click the respective task name, which in this case will be the project name underscore download (ex. demoproject_download), to display the status of the download process in the **Task History** section at the center.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click **Tasks** in the navigator and click the respective task name, which in this case is the project name underscore download (ex. demoproject_download), to display the status of the download process in the **Task History** section at the center.
```

> Once the task has reached **COMPLETED** status, the project zip would be successfully created. You can download the project zip by clicking on the **Project** button on the project card.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the task has reached **COMPLETED** status, the project zip would be successfully created. You can download the project zip by clicking the **Project** button on the project card.
```

Reviewer: **COMPLETED** > COMPLETED
would be > has been
project zip  > project ZIP file (2x)

![ZIP download](/images/zementis/mlw-app-project-download-zip.png)

### Upload a project

> To facilitate collaboration and sharing, MLW allows the user to upload the contents from an exported project archive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To facilitate collaboration and sharing, MLW allows you to upload the contents from an exported project archive.
```

> To upload a project on a particular tenant, Click **+Add Project** at the right of the top menu bar, select the **Upload** radio button and upload the zip file by clicking on **Drop file here** button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To upload a project on a particular tenant, click **+Add Project** at the right of the top menu bar, select the **Upload** radio button and upload the zip file by clicking the **Drop file here** button.
```

Reviewer: zip file > ZIP file

![Project upload](/images/zementis/mlw-app-project-upload.png)

> Click **Tasks** in the navigator and click the respective task name, which in this case will be the project name underscore unique uuid (ex. demoproject_a3n67e), to display the status of the upload process in the **Task History** section at the center.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click **Tasks** in the navigator and click the respective task name, which in this case is the project name underscore unique uuid (ex. demoproject_a3n67e), to display the status of the upload process in the **Task History** section at the center.
```

> Once the task has reached **COMPLETED** status, the new project card would be successfully created. You can view the contents of the project by clicking on the respective project card.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the task has reached **COMPLETED** status, the new project card would be successfully created. You can view the contents of the project by clicking the respective project card.
```

Reviewer: COMPLETED > COMPLETED
would be > has been

### Delete a project

> To delete a project, click the icon <img src="/images/zementis/mlw-hamburger-icon.png" alt="Hamburger" style="display:inline-block; margin:0"> and click on **Delete**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To delete a project, click the icon <img src="/images/zementis/mlw-hamburger-icon.png" alt="Hamburger" style="display:inline-block; margin:0"> and click **Delete**.
```

Reviewer: click the icon > click the context menu icon

![Project download](/images/zementis/mlw-app-project-delete.png)

> Click **Tasks** in the navigator and click the respective task name, which in this case will be the project name underscore delete (ex. demoproject_delete), to display the status of the delete process in the **Task History** section at the center.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click **Tasks** in the navigator and click the respective task name, which in this case is the project name underscore delete (ex. demoproject_delete), to display the status of the delete process in the **Task History** section at the center.
```

> Once the task has reached **COMPLETED** status, the project would be successfully deleted. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the task has reached **COMPLETED** status, the project is successfully deleted. 
```

Reviewer: COMPLETED > COMPLETED

The project card will show the different versions available for that project.

![Upload Resources](/images/zementis/mlw-app-project-version.png)

<a name="switching-project-version"></a>
### Switching between project versions

To switch to a different version of the project, click **Projects** in the navigator and select the version you want to switch to. The version switch message will show up in the respective project tile.

![Version Change](/images/zementis/mlw-app-project-version-change.png)

Click **Tasks** in the navigator and click the respective task name, which in this case is the project name, to display the status of the commit process in the **Task History** section at the center.

<a name="downloading-a-project"></a>
### Downloading a project

> To download a project of a particular version, click the icon <img src="/images/zementis/mlw-hamburger-icon.png" alt="Hamburger" style="display:inline-block; margin:0"> and click **Download**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To download a specific version of a project, click the icon <img src="/images/zementis/mlw-hamburger-icon.png" alt="Hamburger" style="display:inline-block; margin:0"> and click **Download**.
```
